So still in this row here where we have this here reading.
The speaker, what we want to do is we want to add right next to it, we can add this structure here.
There's two things.
So that's what are going to be adding because we know that this we have this icon and also we have this
text.
So this is a column.
So we are going to add yet another column right here.
I say column when add an icon because icons start.
Field and I want this account.
Circle like that.
And for a description, I'm just going to say.
Profile, OK, let's pass a modifier here.
Make this clickable because we want to when this is clicked, we want to go to the stats screen.
We want to go to the stats screen and I want to make sure that this this side of this is controlled.
So I'm going to say size of about 45 db, so a little bit smaller than usual, and I'm going to give
it tint color.
All right.
It's a color.
So let's just use material theme and pass here.
Colors, you know, a secondary variant section and right below it, I'm going to pass the text, which
is going to have, in this case, a name which we're going to add in a second.
Let's add modifier right away so we can modify all of this.
Give it padding.
About two deep and then let's go ahead and add a style.
His material theme, go to typography, and I want this to be over a line so a little bit smaller.
Let's give a color.
Just give it read and let's give a font size about 15 Aspie.
And this makes sure that the max lines here is just going to be one of the reason being is because we
want to make sure that we don't have too many lines.
If the name is too long, we're going to maybe add ellipses or something like that.
That's what we're going to do next here.
I'm going to say overflow.
If the text overflows, I'm going to say I want to clip it so that that way it always fits the correct
amount of letters, right?
And then you can see here, I want to add this nice divider there or this nice line across just to give
it a little pizzazz.
Well, to do that, it's fairly simple.
Call you.
Do you just call divider like this?
And if you have over, of course, you can pass in a modifier, column thickness and so forth.
But we to get the default colors and thickness as you see, the thickness for default is one dpi.
All right.
Let's see if this actually looks like something.
Let's refresh.
OK, so it's starting to look OK, and let's see, go back here.
Very good.
But what we want really.
We don't want this.
We want to give some sort of space between these two.
So there's different ways to do this.
What I'm going to do is let's add a spacer between the section title.
This and this column where we have that in name so we can come right here and put a spacer and for the
modifier here, I'm going to say modifier.
And same with let's just actually pass a fraction here so we can control it depending on what's depending
on the screen size.
OK, that's very nice.
You can see now they are separated, so if I go ahead and zoom out, I can see this is exactly what
we want.
Of course, it's still at the bottom here, but this will be pulled up once we have all the information
we need at a bottom.
All right.
So very good progress.
Now the thing to remember also, we can see here that it seems like since we hear that this name here
has to come from our user, that it's logged in.
So how do we get the user that is logged in and hopefully get the name?
Well, because we know Firebase is our friend.
What we can do really is up here.
I can say something like this.
I can say file current user
name such.
And I'm going to say the following I'm going to put an if statement to say if Firebase both get instance
that current user the email quite a long statement here is null or empty in this case, if it's not
because we have this exclamation point there.
If that's the case, then I'm going to say, get the Firebase off again, get instance, get the current
user, I'm going to get the email right and then what I want to do with that email, I want to split
it right because I want to split it by the ad side so I can get just the first.
Index of all of it.
Meaning I will get in this case, if the email is as such.
Me at Gmail dot com, I'm going to split by act like this so I can just get me.
Let's go ahead and fix that.
Replace with that.
There we go.
Here, in any other case, what I want to happen and I'm just going to add something that says not available.
So if there's no name or we can't find the actual name of this person just going to add in, not available
there.
All we can do also, we can extract this because it's been used a few times.
Put that in a refactor that, you know, variable.
Introducing a variable where we can use that just like this get much better.
So now we have this current username dependent situation, we're going to have something going to get
something that is what we pass here like that.
Probably have to call a Nullarbor like this.
Let's go ahead and run real quick, so at least we can hopefully see all of this in action.
OK, there we go.
Have a logged in user.
And while I can see J is there because J is the user that is connected or that is locked in.
Now we want something to happen when we click on our J icon there.
What do we want to do is we want to be able to take the user to the stats screen so we can do that.
So the code profile there, how do we do that?
Well, we have the nav controller.
I just don't have control.
That's the beauty.
I love it.
And let's go to our root string there.
It's important, I say readers.
Screens, I'm going to go to stats.
Actually, it's got to navigation, navigation if I can type correctly reader navigation to make sure
we have these stats.
You see what?
I have the stats screen here, which means if you were to try, we would have failed miserably.
So let's see.
We are stats screen and this can be reader stats.
Screen.
Let's go there.
That way, we can just pass our nav controller like this, and I can say again because we we're constructing
everything here.
Let's say it's important that there's going to be
that screen, right?
We'll come back to that later.
Problem.
Let's get rid of that and make sure this is correct.
Yes, it is.
So now back to our reader home screen, this should work.
So we should be able to take the user to our start screen.
Is that true?
Let's go ahead and.
Like changes, I think I will have to restart everything.
Let's see.
Right, I have to rebuild the app.
It's OK.
Let's just click there and rebuild everything.
OK.
Let's see.
Click.
Well.
It works.
All right, let's go ahead and continue.